17ss arrasum.

come under one of the four heads of Genus, Definhion,
Property‚ or Accident‚ come as simple terms under one
of the ten categorias. The Metaphysical view of the
Oategories is not materially different. In that work,
Aristotle enumerates the different senses in which the
term Beinp (τὸ ὃν) is used, in order· to determine in what
senso it is applied to the objectos metaphysical in·
quiriesm. Being sometimes signifies the accidental
connection of arr attribute with a subject, or of two
attributes with a common subject. Itis also used co-

· extensively with the Cetegories in predicatiorr; thus we

may say, virigenus ὑγιαίνει, or ἄνθρωπος ὑγιαίνων ἐστίν, ἄνθρω-

πος τέμνει, or ἅνθρωπος τέμνων ἐστίν, the verb εἶναι being
admissible as a copula in any proposition, whatever may
be the category of its predicate¹¹. But substance is the
πρώτως ὅν, the proper object of metaphysics0. In this
account, Aristotle does not appear to have distinguished
between the verb substantive, as deuoting real existence,
and the copula as deuoting the coexistence of notions in
thc mind3 but, as in other places, the Categories are
enumerated,not asan exhaustive catalogue of existing
things, but as alist of different modes of predicatinghy the
copula. They thus originally belong to Grammar, rather
than tc Logio or Metaphysios, though the treatment of
later philosopherS, perhaps in some degree sanctioned by
Aristotle himself, bas brought them into closer connec-
tion with the latter scienceS, and overlooked their proper
relation to the former ¹³.

ω See Trendelenburg‚ Kateyon'enlehre, p. 167.

¹¹ Metaph. iv. t.

⁰ Metaph. vi. l.
v Trendelenburg, Kareporienlehre, p. 216.

 

